I am developing ASP.NET Core 8 MVC Application.
I use Clean Architecture, CQRS (Meidiator) pattern, Repostiory Specification Pattern,
Windows Authentication, Serilog.

I use 5 layers: SharedKernel, Domain, Application. Infrastructure, MVC
SharedKernel: Some cross layer classes are defined like
	ISpecification, BaseSpecification, PaginatedList<T>
Domain: Entities, Enum are defined.
Application: Common interfaces, CustomMediator (not Mediatr), CustomMapper(not AutoMapper), DTOs
   and Command, Query, their Handlers for each features.
Infrastructure: EntityConfiguration classes, DbContext, Repostories are implemented.
	Other services like File Service (Pdf, Excel), Mail Service are defined.
MVC layer:
	controllers, actions, views,
	VMs, custom VM validators, 
	middleware capture original URL for (404 errors), 
	middleware to get login user id from AD and display on the Layout page
	extentions to manipulate ModelState
	Serilog is configured and used.

The application is manage inventory items and 
perform monthly inventory check for each facility

There are three kind of inventory check types and many facilities.
Each inventory check type has a list of inventory items.

In the inventory check list page
A user can filter check type and time range (month) -> then the list page shows 
the check status for each facility with some action button.

so user can enter/update/delete/detail the inventory check entry 
(one/or a few entries per facility per month per type) 

Also user can manange inventory check item list.
Go to the check item page, and can add/edit/delete check items for each type.

Also user can generate files (Excel, Pdf) for check Items or check monthly entry
and send out email.
User's Id are get from AD but additonal info (roles etc) are form SQL Server Data

Also so we have existing data with different schema, so we create new tables and 
validate existing data and migrate new tabel by tool or manual scripts.


I also add a function -- there is a button in every page (Layout page), 
when user click, then a sticky note like pop up and user can enter feedback about page and application, 
the content is preserved even you move to the another page. 
Then you can save then it saved into DB and cleared from the entry page. 
The developer can check see the list of feedbacks and open one then respond accordingly. 	
